# Things to add in the future

1. Malleability.  In every form, we want to 
- avoid named workspaces as much as possible (aliases for workspaces don't count)
- generated workspace names and maintain them entirely silently.  

2. smart cloning.  

If we have a safe pocket representing 

(externally scm managed) **dir1**
- (externally scm managed) **subdir1**
(externally scm managed, generally relevant) **dir2**
(externally scm managed, less generally relevant, more *specifically* relevant) **dir3**
(LOCALLY managed) **Spocket dir**

This is likely the most common situation where safe_pocket becomes useful

D1
- SD1
D2
D3
D1_D2_D3_SpocketDir

The power of spocket comes from smartly connecting things inside of D1_D2_D3_SpocketDir to D1, D2, D3 and their SDs.  All the value is inside of D1_D2_D3_SpocketDir, flowing up.

Now lets say you need to work in a contex like

D1
- SD1
D3

Maybe this can benefit from the contents of D1_D2_D3_SpocketDir, even though it does not contain D2.  If a workspace like this, which "looks like" our existing workspace, is created, our safe_pocket app should recognize this and ask at launch time if we want to "clone" in the file contents from (likely) parent safe pocket.  If we have multiple potential "parent" safe pockets, we should be given a simple, arrow-key selection based menu to pick which one is most likely from the folder names similarity to our currently focused safe pocket

3. testing.  lots of testing so we can verify any changes made don't harm the app by mistake.